Hybrid grid type not implemented in RZ geometry (#4212)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    and currents are interpolated back and forth between a staggered grid and a
    nodal grid, must be used with momentum-conserving field gathering algorithm,
    ``algo.field_gathering = momentum-conserving``).

>     This option is currently not supported in RZ geometry.

Author: ```suggestion
    The option `hybrid` is currently not supported in RZ geometry.
```
